.TH automysqlbackup 8 "6 Sep 2008" "wipe_out" "Automatically backup MySQL"
.SH NAME
automysqlbackup \- backup all of your database daily, weekly, and monthly
.SH SYNOPSIS
 automysqlbackup
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
 This manual page documents briefly the
.B automysqlbackup
command.
.PP
 configuration is stored within the
.RI /etc/default/automysqlbackup
file
.PP
.SH PARAMETERS
.br
.TP
\fBUSERNAME=\fPdbuser
Username to access the MySQL server e.g. dbuser
.TP
\fBPASSWORD=\fP"password"
Username to access the MySQL server e.g. password
.TP
\fBDBHOST=\fPlocalhost
Host name (or IP address) of MySQL server e.g localhost
.TP
\fBDBNAMES=\fP"DB1 DB2 DB3"
List of DBNAMES for Daily/Weekly Backup e.g. "DB1 DB2 DB3"
.TP
\fBBACKUPDIR=\fP"/backups"
Backup directory location e.g /backups
.br
.PP
.TP
\fBMAILCONTENT=\fP"stdout"
Mail setup
What would you like to be mailed to you?
 - log   : send only log file
 - files : send log file and sql files as attachments (see docs)
 - stdout : will simply output the log to the screen if run manually.
 - quiet : Only send logs if an error occurs to the MAILADDR.
.TP
\fBMAXATTSIZE=\fP"4000"
Set the maximum allowed email size in k. (4000 = approx 5MB email [see docs])
.TP
\fBMAILADDR=\fP"user@domain.com"
Email Address to send mail to? (user@domain.com)
.PP
.SH ADVANCED OPTIONS
.TP
\fBMDBNAMES=\fP"mysql $DBNAMES"
List of \fIDBBNAMES\fR for Monthly Backups.
.TP
\fBDBEXCLUDE=\fP""
List of \fIDBNAMES\fP to EXCLUDE if DBNAMES are set to all (must be in " quotes)
.TP
\fBCREATE_DATABASE=\fPyes
Include CREATE DATABASE in backup?
.TP
\fBSEPDIR=\fPyes
Separate backup directory and file for each DB? (yes or no)
.TP
\fBDOWEEKLY=\fP6
Which day do you want weekly backups at? (1 to 7 where 1 is Monday)
.TP
\fBCOMP=\fPgzip
Choose Compression type. (gzip or bzip2)
.TP
\fBCOMMCOMP=\fPno
Compress communications between backup server and MySQL server?
.TP
\fBLATEST\fP=no
Additionally keep a copy of the most recent backup in a separate directory.
.TP
\fBMAX_ALLOWED_PACKET=\fP
The maximum size of the buffer for client/server communication. e.g. 16MB (maximum i
.TP
\fBSOCKET=\fP
For connections to localhost. Sometimes the Unix socket file must be specified.
.TP
\fB#PREBACKUP="/etc/automysqlbackup/mysql-backup-pre"
Command to run before backups (uncomment to use)
.TP
\fB#POSTBACKUP=\fP"/etc/automysqlbackup/mysql-backup-post"
Command run after backups (uncomment to use)
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Jose Luis Tallon
.nh
<jltallon@adv\-solutions.net>.
for the Debian GNU/Linux system, but can be used by others.
